Whitespace Between Elements
===========================

Collected thoughts on how emitted elements should have white space inserted between them.



Whitespace Between Block Elements
---------------------------------

> Note: These rules were delevoped while poking proboards, so the exact rules may vary between forums.

- `\n` is inserted between pairs of Lists.
- `\n` is inserted between any pairs of block elements contained by a List Item whose Parent List is Tight.
- Nothing is inserted between pairs of List Items of a Tight List.
- `\n` is inserted between any other pairs of List Items.
- `\n` is inserted between a List and a following Paragraph.
	- What if it's inside a list?
- `\n\n` is inserted between any other pairs of block elements.

### Extra (Optional) Rule

- An extra `\n` is inserted between any Block Element and a following Header of level 2 or lower.



Whitespace Surrounding Block Elements
-------------------------------------

- `\n` is inserted before the first List Item of a Non-Tight List.
- Nothing is inserted before the first Block Element under any other conditions.
- Nothing is inserted after the last Block Element.



Whitespace Between Inline Elements
----------------------------------

- Nothing is inserted between pairs of Inline Elements.
- Nothing is inserted before the first Inline Element.
- Nothing is inserted after the last Inline Element.



Explicit Line Breaks
--------------------

- A Soft Line Break is interpreted as a Space.
- A Hard Line Break is interpreted as a `\n`.
